For multi instance generation for CkTileEngine (#2080)
ROCm/composable_kernel: tile_engine/ops/gemm/README.md

# GEMM Matrix Multiplication

> This folder generates the code and executable for running Matrix multiplication using ck_tile programming based on the kernel parameters mentioned in the config file `./configs/instance_combination.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the files in this folder to build applications that run Matrix multiplications using ck_tile programming based on the kernel parameters mentioned in the config file `./configs/instance_combination.json`.
```

Author: Updated.

# Kernel Configuration

> Based on user provided data type and layout, it will generate the code for all possible combinations. User can pass multiple entries for tile sizes, padding, pipeline, scheduler and epilogue. For reference please see `./configs/instance_combination.json`

Reviewer: I'm assuming it's building an application after generating a makefile since the script has cmake in the namem and it's followed by make. 

If that's not what's happening, let me know.

```suggestion
Use the `cmake-ck-dev.sh` script to generate all the build files needed to build the application. The build files are generated based on the data type and layout provided by the user. Multiple entries can be specified for tile size, padding, pipeline, scheduler, and epilogue. Build files will be generated for all possible combinations of passed parameters. For reference please see `./configs/instance_combination.json`
```

Author: Actually this section is not related to the build, its about the config file.

Reviewer: Ah OK. In that case it needs to be mentioned because I was confused. If you can rewrite it so that it's framed in terms of the config file, I'll give it a review. If you want you can contact me directly about wording.

## Build
```
# in the root of ck_tile
mkdir build && cd build
# you can replace <arch> with the appropriate architecture (for example gfx90a or gfx942) or leave it blank
sh ../script/cmake-ck-dev.sh  ../ <arch>
# To generate the executable
make tile_engine_gemm -j
```

> This will result in an executable `./bin/tile_engine_gemm`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tile_engine_gemm` will be located in the `./bin/` directory.
```

Author: Updated.

> ## Arguments for excutable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## tile_engine_gemm inputs
```

Author: Updated.

```

          -m    m dimension (default:3840)
          -n    n dimension (default:4096)
          -k    k dimension (default:2048)
   -stride_a    Tensor A stride (default:0)
   -stride_b    Tensor B stride (default:0)
   -stride_c    Tensor C stride (default:0)

>     -split_k    SplitK value (dafualt:1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -split_k    SplitK value (default:1)
```

Author: Updated.
